feat: remove dynamo deployment from cli (#1742)
ai-dynamo/dynamo: deploy/inference-gateway/example/README.md

```bash
# Deploy first graph
export DEPLOYMENT_NAME=llm-agg1

> # TODO: Deploy your service using dynamo graph deployment CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# TODO: Deploy your service using a DynamoGraphDeployment CR.
```

can you make this change throughout this MR?

Author: fixed - updated all files in commit 68d60302af2e36e39127c6fab6ed84b4151ec48b

> # TODO: Deploy your service using a DynamoGraphDeployment CR.

Reviewer 2: is this meant to be a comment, or something people actually see in the rendered document?

right now it is rendered.

if it is meant as a comment, then it needs to be `<!-- TODO: Deploy your service using a DynamoGraphDeployment CR. -->`

Author: @julienmancuso is working on this and we hold off this PR until new `DynamoGraphDeployment CR` and operator changes are ready
